Digita Hygine vid-
The document is a moreso a guide on how to be safe on the internet and to keep your information and data about you safe on the internet.
The video goes through many topics, but 3 pieces of information that caught my eye in the video is public record, passwords, and safe browsing
A password is code that can easily help hackers accesses lots of other platforms or websites, that's why it was adviced for you to make such a confusing password, you can't even remeber it.
A single password can make it easy to guess password everywhere based on the psychology of your password.
Public records are records that are avaible to the public, and can amke impersonaters easy to impersonate you, you can't remove yourself from public records,
Sock puppets are made by multiple celebs to keep data safe, SOck puppets are which fake documents are made similarly to you real documents so you cannot be tracked.
Like the creator of bitcon, who couldnt be traced back anywhere and he is a secreuly safe person. Brave a safe browser and VPN is highly recconmended, so all your info can be safe, do not accept cookies as they are usually be abled to opt out on, your info can easily be sold
and keep private. 


Digital Hygine van be a helpful guide video on how to be safe on the internet, keep your information  private and stopping hackers from stealing that info and using it for evil purposes.


Privacy Pyramid Video- THere are three pieces of information that caught my eye in this video.
The 'Attacker Pyramid' is something that caught my attention, and the attacker pyramid is basically a pyramid to show the different level of reason on why someone would become anomonys and dissapear.
The 1 level or reason is to hide from Big tech  or Other online Actors
2 is  Personal contacts or inviduals
3 Organizations or Private investigators 
and last Governemnt or Official Agenicies.
The video also showcases the different levels of Anonymity a person would want/can have. 
The trails, the online lives we leave is something called a Digital Footprint, and organizations could be used to avoid people on a social level to not track you down 
and tips are a P.O box and a private company to keep yourself private.
A level 3 privacy can affect not only your online life, but also your life outside online and it can be emotionally draining and stressful.
Level 4 is the most stressful, emotionally damaging it is the mosr difficult out of all the stages, you basically have to change everything, try everything with lots of time and money
as many government officials and agencies are difficult to hide and become anomynous to them, as the government know a lot of things you probably dont even know yourself.
It will take a lot of time to hide from the government.

The privacy Pyramid is a video to showcase all the different levels of Anonymity, and what it takes to fully dissapear from the world, from government officials, from everyone and the different 
types of privacy as 1 being easy amd 4 being the most time consuming and most money.